Avoid classical for when looping through all items of an Array-like object (part #2) (#19405)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/texttrack/mode/index.md

  track.mode = "showing";

>   for (let index  0; index < track.cues.length; index++) {
>     let cue = track.cues[index];
>     cue.pauseOnExit = true;
>   };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for (const cue of track.cues) {
    cue.pauseOnExit = true;
  }
```
